The Willard and Josephine Hubbard House was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016 .
His station commander , Group Captain Claude Hilton Keith , found a letter among the missing airman 's personal possessions .
One was Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus , who was praetor in 74 BC and consul in 69 BC .
April 2009 In addition to musical acts , the label recorded beat poets Lawrence Ferlinghetti and Allen Ginsberg and comic Lenny Bruce .
Walter Neusel ( November 25 , 1907 – October 3 , 1964 ) was a German heavyweight boxer .
Hércules debut defending the national team was a 1938 FIFA World Cup game , played on June 5 , 1938 , against Poland .
Along the I-5 stretch , Walter Wirth Lake and McNary Field ( Salem Municipal Airport ) are on the left ; near Route 22 , the unincorporated neighborhood of Four Corners is on the right .
Michael Bradley and Landon Donovan scored the United States ' two goals in the match .
The film was remade in Hindi as " Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega " and is loosely based on the American film " Ruthless People " .
Incorporated in 1988 , Vertex Venture Holdings is based in Singapore , with offices Southeast Asia , Silicon Valley , China , India , Israel , and Taiwan .
Anna Caterina Antonacci , ( born 5 April 1961 ) is an Italian soprano known for roles in the bel canto and Baroque repertories .
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Cresciano , Iragna and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera .
Dimitar Ivanov Makriev (; born 7 January 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Cypriot First Division side Nea Salamina Famagusta .
The 23d Fighter Group was assigned to the 347th Wing of Air Combat Command at Moody Air Force Base , Georgia but the group remained at Pope as a Geographically Separated Unit ( GSU ) .
" А " група , 2012/13 , 16 кръг , 01.03.2013 15:30 Stachowiak participated in all games of the club in Europa League during seasons 2013 - 14 and 2014 - 15 .
Dartnell offered his services to the British Army on the outbreak of the First World War , and was commissioned into the 25th ( Frontiersmen ) Battalion , Royal Fusiliers in February 1915 .
In September 1260 , the two sides met in the plains south of Nazareth in a major confrontation known as the Battle of Ain Jalut . Cummins 2011 , p. 80 .
Sir Hugh de Morville(d.1202 ) fled to the house after taking part as 1 of 4 knights in the murder on 29 December 1170 of Thomas Becket , Archbishop of Canterbury .
The claim was made in 1264 as senior descendant and rightful heir of Alice of Champagne , second daughter of Queen Isabella I , Hugh being the son of their eldest daughter .
The Elected Member is a Booker Prize - winning novel by Welsh writer Bernice Rubens .
He currently serves as an Offensive Skills coach at the Brisbane Lions , and also as an assistant coach of the Lions ' NEAFL reserves team .
In 2008 he produced , alongside Christian Colson , the critically acclaimed feature film " Eden Lake " ( 2008 ) , written and directed by James Watkins .
The West Middlesex Waterworks Company was founded in 1806 to supply water to the Marylebone and Paddington areas of London .
Neutraface is a geometric sans - serif typeface designed by Christian Schwartz for House Industries , an American digital type foundry .
The APG II states that Alangiaceae is a synonym of Cornaceae ( the Dogwood family ) , but still recognizes it as a " nom .
But because CKGM Montreal is the dominant class A station on 690 , CBU must use a directional signal to avoid causing interference .
It takes place when a quark of one hadron and an antiquark of another hadron annihilate , creating a virtual photon or Z boson which then decays into a pair of oppositely - charged leptons .
The first " Uncle Slam " album was " Say Uncle " , released in 1988 through Caroline Records .
The KC-135R - CRAG Stratotanker aerial refueling tanker aircraft of the Turkish Air Force are operated by the 101st Squadron , stationed at the Incirlik Air Base .
The Church of The Epiphany was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Thomas Ustick Walter in the Greek Revival style .
Meaker Food Company Warehouse , Harriet May Mills House , St. Paul 's Armenian Apostolic Church , Alton Simmons House , and West Brothers Knitting Company are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
This appointment was harshly criticized by Fiji Labour Party leader Mahendra Chaudhry .
In the summer of 2007 , Varea joined Deportivo Español in the third division , where he played 11 matches and scored two goals until December 2007 .
" Aparajito " was preceded by " Pather Panchali " ( 1955 ) and followed by " Apur Sansar " ( " The World of Apu " ) in 1959 .
Neće rijeka zrakom teći is the second studio album by Croatian rock band Silente .
This project was heavily opposed by the Apulian governor Michele Emiliano . Gasdotto Tap , il governo tira dritto dopo il no del Mibac .
Among Microsoft software development tools , DTE80 is the Microsoft Development Environment 8.0 Extensibility namespace .
Sprinkling Tarn is a body of water at the foot of Great End , in the Southern Fells in Lake District , 3   km from Seathwaite , Cumbria , England .
Michel made her WTA tour debut at the 2013 Internationaux de Strasbourg , partnering Claire Feuerstein in doubles .
He took part in the Council of Agde in 506 , where 34 Catholic bishops of the Visigothic kingdom met under the chairmanship of Saint Caesarius of Arles .
A license obtained from the British Motor Corporation led to the Siam di Tella 1500 ; based on the British BMC Farina series of the late 1950s .
Euphemia was the youngest child of Władysław Odonic and his wife Jadwiga , disputed daughter of Mestwin I , Duke of Pomerania and Swinisław , daughter of Mieszko III the Old .
Hot 2Nite was produced by Ryan Leslie initially for New Edition 's album , One Love , released in 2004 under the label Bad Boy Records .
SN 1996ah was a supernova located in the spiral galaxy NGC 5640 in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
She made her debut at The Proms in 2000 , singing Mozart 's Mass in C minor and Alban Berg 's " Altenberg Lieder " with the Bochumer Symphoniker , conducted by Simon Rattle .
The Albanian Wikipedia ( ) is the Albanian language edition of Wikipedia started on October 12 , 2003 .
For her performance in this episode , Elaine Stritch received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in the category for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series .
He later worked as a journalist for the French language paper " Le Matin " .
Loughton to Epping became part of the London Underground Central line on 25 September 1949 , leaving the single track line from Epping to Ongar as the last steam - worked section .
Though Vivekananda gave up the idea of becoming Pavhari Baba 's disciple after seeing Ramakrishna 's melancholy face in his dream the night before his religious initiation , Baba deeply influenced him .
